Note explaining why MPAs are more accessible (#1278)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/concepts/mpa-vs-spa.md

**Astro prioritizes the performance and simplicity of MPAs because it makes the most sense for our usecase of content-focused websites.** More stateful, interaction-heavy websites may benefit more from the app-like architecture that SPAs bring at the expense of first-load performance.

:::note[Accessibility]

> MPAs use the standard `<a>` element for navigation. This comes with the benefit of no overhead announcing route changes or managing focus between pages to improve your website's accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MPAs use the standard `<a>` element for navigation. This provides important accessibility features such managing focus states and announcing route changes by default.
```
Another take? @Yan-Thomas

Author: Loved it!

Reviewer: Oh good, and you even caught the missing word! ;)

> :::note[Accessibility]
> MPAs use the standard `<a>` element for navigation. This comes with the benefit of no overhead announcing route changes or managing focus between pages to improve your website's accessibility.
> :::

Author: ```suggestion
:::note[Accessibility and UX]
MPAs use the standard `<a>` element for navigation. This comes with the benefit of letting the platform manage your route changes and focus between pages. In counterpoint, SPAs come with the overhead of making you manage all this by yourself. And even then, you don't have access to some of the platform's features like [SFNSP](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interaction.html#sequential-focus-navigation-starting-point) and some events that improve MPAs' UX and accessibility.
:::
```
